Improving colors (#2)
DarkBlue-Ice/DarkBlue-Ice-for-vim: README.md

### A Beautiful theme for vim with dark blue and ice colors distributed in a harmonic way.

---

> * Warning: DarkBlue Ice for vim is using some colors of Nord, since DarkBlue Ice doesn't have any pallet wtih colors like green, yellow etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Warning: DarkBlue Ice for neovim(lua) is using some colors of [Nord](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord), since DarkBlue Ice doesn't yet have any pallet with colors like green, yellow etc.
```

> * Warning: DarkBlue Ice for vim is using some colors of [Nord](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord), since DarkBlue Ice doesn't yet have any pallet with colors like green, yellow etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Warning: DarkBlue Ice for neovim(lua) is using some colors of [Nord](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord), since DarkBlue Ice doesn't yet have any pallet with colors like green, yellow etc.
```
